Lambda expression is a type of function without a name. It may or may not have results and parameters. It is known as an
anonymous function as it does not have type information by itself. It is executed on-demand. It is beneficial in iterating,
filtering, and extracting data from a collection.

As lambda expressions are similar to anonymous functions, they can only be applied to the single abstract method
of Functional Interface. It will infer the return type, type, and several arguments from the signature of the abstract method of
functional interface.


Lambda expressions basically express instances of functional interfaces (An interface with single abstract method is called functional interface. An example is java.lang.Runnable). lambda expressions implement the only abstract function and therefore implement functional interfaces

lambda expressions are added in Java 8 and provide below functionalities.

Enable to treat functionality as a method argument, or code as data.
A function that can be created without belonging to any class.
A lambda expression can be passed around as if it was an object and executed on demand.


Lambda expression in itself is an anonymous method i.e. a method with no name which is used to provide
implementation of the method defined by a functional interface.

Lambda is anonymous Function:
    No name
    No modifier
    No return type

   public void method()
    {                                    ->                              ()->
                                         ->                            {
     sop("test")                                                                   sop("test")
     }                                                                }


 Benefits Of Lambda
    Reduces the lines of code
    Sequential and parallel execution support by passing behaviour as an argument in methods
    To call APIs very effectively
    To write more Redeable, maintainble and concise code

Important Rules of Lambda
    If the body of Lambda Expression contain only one statement then curly braces are optional
    Java compiler also infer the type of variable passed, hence type is optional

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Functional Interface
    If the interface contains only one abstract methods then it is functional interface
    ex- runnable, callable, comparable
    To call lambda we require functional interface
    Lambda is used to implement functional interface in very simple and short manner.

Predicate-
Predicate is a predefined Functional Interface.
the only abstract method of Predicate is
  public boolean Test(T t)
whenver we want to check some boolean condition we use predicate

Method reference is a compact way of referring to a method of functional interface.
It is used to refer to a method without invoking it.